Copyright © 2013 Nokia Corporation. All rights reserved.

Nokia, Nokia Developer, and HERE are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of
Nokia Corporation. Other product and company names mentioned herein may be
trademarks or trade names of their respective owners.

License
Subject to the conditions below, you may use, copy, modify and/or merge copies
of this software and associated content and documentation files (the “Software”)
to test, develop, publish, distribute, sub-license and/or sell new software
derived from or incorporating the Software, solely in connection with Nokia
devices. Some of the documentation, content and/or software maybe licensed under
open source software or other licenses. To the extent such documentation,
content and/or software are included, licenses and/or other terms and conditions
shall apply in addition and/or instead of this notice. The exact terms of the
licenses, disclaimers, acknowledgements and notices are reproduced in the
materials provided, or in other obvious locations. No other license to any other
intellectual property rights is granted herein.

This file, unmodified, shall be included with all copies or substantial portions
of the Software that are distributed in source code form.

The Software cannot constitute the primary value of any new software derived
from or incorporating the Software.

Any person dealing with the Software shall not misrepresent the source of the
Software.

Disclaimer
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, QUALITY AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES (INCLUDING,
WITHOUT LIMITATION, DIRECT, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, CONSEQUENTIAL,
EXEMPLARY AND/ OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES) OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Nokia Corporation retains the right to make changes to this document at any
time, without notice.
